# SIC_Pass1-2
How to use:
I provided a SIC file that you would run as a argument for the project. And the project should output a SIC object file. 
I also added the object file that is generated by this project as well as a pdf that has the explanation for the
format of records. The pdf also contains the sic file and the sic object file in a different format.
The difference in format is that my records has the location in memory followed by that record's length. It's the part after the length in the record
that you can match directly with the pdf.  

Description:
This is an assembler that does 2 passes using C, it's an assembler for SIC machine architecture.
The first pass checks validation of the file, while also creating a symbol table
and keeps track of the hexadecimal addresses of the symbol. The second pass is what generates the SIC obj code
by using the symbol table and opcodes from pass 1 to generate the object file. It also does it's own validation checks and should output
a error message if it finds a issue. 

Thoughts:
The code for the foundation of the project was given in class for example giving a pointer to go through the file and the method that adds a symbol to the symbol table.
I was responsible for the rest of the code; this project was a beast, and I learned some things for the future.
Like version control is really important and having local backups in case you lose access to the server side where
all the possible versions are stored. Also ran into memory issues that only appeared in a different environment and not in the IDE I 
was using. And I had to learn how to use Valgrind to see where the memory problems were coming from to debug.

